Documentation fixes & improvements (#24546)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/syntax/Debug/index.md

by the modeler. If problematic, object execution may be reordered using various boolean parameters, `execute_on` flags, and other manual dependency declarations.
For example for UserObjects, the `execution_order_group` parameter lets the modeler select the ordering of executions of user objects.

## Viewing objects created by an applications

Numerous applications will use [Actions](actions/Action.md) to simplify the user input. This reduces opportunities for

> mistakes in an input, but has the inconvenient of hiding part of the simulation setup. The [!param](/Debug/show_actions) will,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mistakes in an input, but has the inconvenience of hiding part of the simulation setup. The [!param](/Debug/show_actions) will,
```

for most objects, list the objects created by an action. The `Debug` system also offers several summaries of objects:

- [!param](/Debug/show_material_props) for material properties, created on elements, neighbors and sides
- [!param](/Debug/show_reporters) for reporters, created directly or from systems that derive from Reporters, such as [VectorPostprocessors](syntax/Postprocessors/index.md) and [Positions](syntax/Positions/index.md)
- [!param](/Debug/show_functors) for [Functors](syntax/Functors/index.md), an abstraction for objects which includes [Functions](syntax/Functions/index.md) and [Variables](syntax/Variables/index.md)

Additionally, [!param](/Debug/show_execution_order) will provide the list of objects executed as they are executed.

> This includes, [Kernels](syntax/Kernels/index.md) (and declinations), [AuxKernels](syntax/AuxKernels/index.md), [boundary conditions](syntax/BCs/index.md)

Reviewer: declinations? I had to search the definition of this word and it doesn't seem like a match for this context

Author: changed

> This includes, [Kernels](syntax/Kernels/index.md) (and declinations), [AuxKernels](syntax/AuxKernels/index.md), [boundary conditions](syntax/BCs/index.md)

Author: ```suggestion
This includes, [Kernels](syntax/Kernels/index.md) (and derived classes), [AuxKernels](syntax/AuxKernels/index.md), [boundary conditions](syntax/BCs/index.md)
```

> (and declinations), [UserObjects](syntax/UserObjects/index.md), [Postprocessors](syntax/Postprocessors/index.md) and

Reviewer: I think that derived classes is kind of implicit. If it's not, then it seems like it should be consistently applied to all the systems listed here. (There is also one more "declinations")

Author: ok I ll reword
they are not derived classes actually, what was I thinking
